Lord Dragon Emperor
Hurry up and teach this toad a lesson
He doesn't even care about you, Lord Dragon Emperor
It's just lawlessness
Killing chickens and using knives
My two men can take care of him in minutes
Hello
Come to me
Boy wait a minute
The crematorium is where you belong
Sure, I'll wait for you.
You don't ask around
Lord Dragon Emperor is suitable for origin
You are still there to pretend to be a leaf master
If I hadn't seen your dad's face
I'm too lazy to care
Stop putting money in your face.
This world
Only heroes like the Dragon Emperor
To deserve me
You and I will never look down on Ye Shenning
Your face is red
Face like peach blossom
If I'm right
He must have drugged you.
I'm afraid there's a spring rush in your body right now
Boy, don't talk nonsense
Otherwise, I will let you die without a burial place
Ok, I'll wait.
Lao Tzu's time is precious
You hurry up
I have seen Longhu Langfang